stm3 Commute Nrl
stm4 Swapprev
stm1 Commute Nr
stm4 Swapprev
stm1 Assocright N
stm9 Multzero N
stm5 Commute Nrl
stm19 Swapprev
stm6 Commute Nl
stm14 Commute Nrlr
stm10 Inline s18
stm2 Assocleft N
stm4 Double N
stm13 Inline s18
stm5 Multone Nll
stm2 Swapprev
stm3 Multzero Nl
stm2 Flipleft N
stm3 Distribleft N
stm2 Cancel Nrr
stm16 Inline s05
stm9 Distribleft Nr
stm6 Inline s08
stm4 Swapprev
stm14 Noop N
stm7 Commute Nl
stm9 Noop N
stm4 Addzero Nl
stm1 Assocright Nl
stm11 Inline s24
stm4 Flipright Nr
stm3 Noop Nrrll
stm2 Multzero Nr
stm9 Assocright N
stm3 Commute Nlr
stm3 Distribleft N
stm9 Assocleft N
stm14 Deletestm
stm2 Distribleft Nl
stm4 Distribleft Nrr
stm14 Commute Nl
stm7 Swapprev
stm2 Factorright Nlrr
stm2 Cancel Nl
stm15 Commute N
stm10 Inline v01
stm6 Commute Nl
stm8 Commute N
stm4 Commute Nl
stm2 Multzero Nlll
stm2 Commute Nrl
stm4 Newtmp Nllrr s23
stm3 Assocleft N
stm5 Assocright Nl
stm3 Assocleft N
stm1 Flipright N
stm6 Noop N
stm5 Flipright Nll
stm16 Flipright Nr
stm4 Flipright Nl
stm3 Multzero N
stm8 Swapprev
stm3 Newtmp Nrlr s14
stm8 Commute N
stm9 Swapprev
stm7 Distribleft N
stm2 Noop Nl
stm2 Assocleft Nr
stm4 Assocleft Nl
stm2 Multzero Nlrll
stm7 Assocleft Nl
stm5 Distribright Nlll
stm7 Swapprev
stm9 Commute Nlll
stm7 Assocright N
stm3 Commute Nr
stm5 Multzero Nl
stm8 Commute N
stm3 Cancel Nllr
stm19 Noop N
stm3 Assocright N
stm16 Noop N
stm3 Multzero N
stm5 Commute Nll
stm2 Assocleft Nl
stm3 Noop N
stm2 Distribleft N
stm12 Addzero N
stm4 Assocright Nll
stm8 Flipright N
stm3 Inline s24
stm4 Multzero Nl
stm10 Addzero Nl
stm1 Noop Nr
stm3 Assocleft Nl
stm4 Rename v16
stm19 Inline s05
stm13 Flipright N
stm7 Commute N
stm3 Cancel Nr
stm11 Multone Nr
stm4 Usevar v26
stm3 Usevar s11
stm2 Multone Nll
stm5 Noop Nr
stm1 Multzero Nrr
stm3 Assocleft N
stm1 Distribleft Nr
stm1 Noop N
stm14 Flipright N
stm10 Deletestm
stm9 Multzero Nr
stm4 Assocleft N
stm4 Assocleft N
stm3 Commute Nl
stm6 Swapprev
stm9 Swapprev
stm4 Inline v29
stm2 Noop Nr
stm3 Cancel Nrrr
stm1 Newtmp Nllr v17
stm2 Assocleft N
stm7 Usevar s08
stm4 Distribleft N
stm5 Swapprev
stm1 Noop N
stm16 Swapprev
stm3 Noop N
stm4 Double Nll
stm12 Distribleft N
stm10 Inline s09
stm6 Assocright N
stm3 Swapprev
stm13 Subzero Nl
stm3 Inline s14
stm2 Noop Nr
stm5 Noop Nrll
stm8 Multzero Nl
stm1 Noop Nl
stm5 Addzero Nl
stm12 Inline s11
stm2 Flipright N
stm4 Swapprev
stm17 Swapprev
stm5 Addzero Nr
stm6 Commute N
stm7 Swapprev
stm12 Swapprev
stm1 Newtmp Nl s27
stm2 Multzero Nlll
stm8 Distribleft Nr
stm10 Swapprev
stm1 Noop N
stm11 Swapprev
stm17 Inline s07
stm8 Swapprev
stm16 Flipright N
stm2 Noop Nllr
stm7 Assocright N
stm13 Commute N
stm8 Multone Nrrrl
stm3 Assocright Nr
stm8 Multzero Nl
stm18 Noop Nl
stm1 Multzero Nlr
stm1 Commute Nrl
stm1 Multzero N
stm14 Inline s04
stm7 Commute N
stm17 Usevar s04
stm2 Distribleft N
stm2 Multone Nr
stm6 Flipright Nrrr
stm5 Flipright N
stm2 Cancel Nllr
stm13 Swapprev
stm3 Distribleft N
stm3 Assocleft N
stm5 Flipright N
stm13 Multone Nl
stm17 Swapprev
stm5 Inline v07
stm17 Inline v03
stm9 Commute N
stm5 Inline v08
stm4 Multzero Nr
stm5 Distribright N
stm1 Multzero Nlrr
stm7 Assocleft N
stm12 Swapprev
stm8 Swapprev
stm13 Deletestm
stm5 Subzero Nll
stm9 Assocright N
stm2 Multzero Nr
stm4 Cancel Nrr
stm13 Swapprev
stm7 Swapprev
stm10 Divone Nl
stm5 Flipright N
stm8 Commute N
stm2 Noop Nr
stm2 Assocleft N
stm4 Commute N
stm14 Inline s04
stm5 Swapprev
stm1 Noop Nr
stm15 Double N
stm7 Multone Nrr
stm5 Distribleft N
stm12 Flipright N
stm6 Commute Nr
stm12 Factorright N
stm4 Assocleft Nr
stm5 Assocleft Nr
stm3 Addzero Nr
stm1 Multzero Nl
stm13 Swapprev
stm10 Swapprev
stm13 Swapprev
stm1 Flipright N
stm3 Assocleft N
stm1 Noop Nlr
stm3 Factorleft N
stm1 Commute N
stm4 Distribleft Nrl
stm4 Multzero Nr
stm10 Flipright N
stm11 Swapprev
stm7 Addzero Nl
stm6 Swapprev
stm5 Flipright Nlrr
stm3 Commute N
stm2 Deletestm
stm9 Assocleft N
stm3 Assocleft Nl
stm6 Flipright Nr
stm12 Commute N
stm8 Multzero Nl
stm17 Addzero Nl
stm4 Addzero Nr
stm4 Swapprev
stm6 Flipright Nrr
stm2 Inline s15
stm14 Inline s18
stm2 Assocleft N
stm6 Commute N
stm2 Commute N
stm6 Commute Nr
stm3 Assocleft N
stm6 Distribleft N
stm4 Multone N
stm1 Addzero Nll
stm1 Commute N
stm6 Distribleft Nrrl
stm9 Commute N
stm4 Commute N
stm5 Flipright N
stm9 Usevar s26
stm1 Assocleft Nr
stm4 Multzero Nl
stm7 Assocleft Nll
stm7 Commute Nr
stm5 Assocright Nlr
stm8 Assocright N
stm10 Distribright N
stm3 Assocleft Nr
stm4 Noop N
stm6 Commute Nlr
stm3 Commute Nr
stm4 Swapprev
stm7 Assocleft Nrl
stm1 Double N
stm8 Noop N
stm6 Flipright Nr
stm4 Inline s01
stm13 Cancel Nl
stm3 Multone Nll
stm4 Subzero Nll
stm4 Swapprev
stm1 Commute Nl
stm5 Swapprev
stm2 Cancel Nlrr
stm18 Commute N
stm9 Inline v14
stm1 Flipright N
stm4 Swapprev
stm2 Multzero N
stm3 Distribleft N
stm3 Flipright Nrr
stm1 Addzero N
stm6 Commute Nrr
stm5 Commute Nlr
stm4 Deletestm
stm6 Distribleft N
stm6 Commute N
stm16 Deletestm
stm2 Flipright Nlr
stm4 Commute N
stm2 Commute Nr
stm4 Swapprev
stm7 Addzero Nl
stm18 Inline s30
stm16 Multone Nr
stm2 Commute N
stm5 Swapprev
stm2 Flipright N
stm1 Noop Nlrl
stm11 Rename v29
stm7 Deletestm
stm6 Subzero Nl
stm10 Addzero Nr
stm12 Distribleft N
stm5 Commute N
stm5 Usevar s12
stm1 Cancel Nlrl
stm9 Commute Nr
stm6 Assocleft N
stm6 Noop N
stm8 Usevar v03
stm1 Multzero Nrr
stm20 Noop N
stm9 Multzero Nr
stm4 Distribright N
stm7 Multone Nrrll
stm5 Distribleft N
stm8 Inline s18
stm6 Assocleft N
stm10 Noop N
stm1 Distribleft Nrr
stm15 Swapprev
stm1 Multone Nlrr
stm4 Noop Nlr
stm6 Flipright Nl
stm11 Commute N
stm10 Commute N
stm4 Noop N
stm5 Assocright Nl
stm5 Distribleft N
stm5 Commute N
stm1 Cancel Nl
stm3 Swapprev
stm2 Assocright Nl
stm3 Multone Nlllr
stm1 Noop Nll
stm6 Flipright N
stm4 Noop N
stm7 Multzero Nrl
stm10 Multone Nll
stm1 Multzero Nl
stm18 Inline s11
stm2 Noop N
stm2 Flipright Nrll
stm3 Swapprev
stm8 Distribright Nl
stm14 Rename v21
stm2 Noop Nlr
stm4 Distribright Nl
stm3 Distribleft N
stm17 Deletestm
stm1 Assocleft N
stm6 Swapprev
stm4 Swapprev
stm2 Distribleft Nrl
stm7 Noop Nl
stm5 Factorright N
stm3 Addzero Nlll
stm3 Noop N
stm3 Assocleft N
stm2 Distribright Nl
stm9 Swapprev
stm8 Noop Nlr
stm7 Noop N
stm3 Inline s23
stm8 Swapprev
stm15 Multone Nr
stm1 Commute Nr
stm3 Flipleft N
stm6 Distribleft N
stm9 Multone Nrl
stm2 Commute Nrll
stm3 Assocleft Nl
stm1 Commute Nlr
stm4 Flipleft N
stm9 Usevar s12
stm4 Noop Nlr
stm4 Subzero N
stm7 Commute Nlr
stm12 Swapprev
stm13 Multone N
stm9 Assocleft Nl
stm15 Deletestm
stm14 Commute Nr
stm7 Noop Nlr
stm2 Cancel Nr
stm5 Multone Nl
stm7 Flipright N
stm6 Swapprev
stm4 Multzero N
stm9 Commute Nrrr
stm6 Multone N
stm1 Commute N
stm4 Newtmp Nll s27
stm17 Swapprev
stm1 Factorright Nll
stm5 Commute Nl
stm2 Multzero Nl
stm3 Commute Nl
stm10 Swapprev
stm12 Assocright N
stm2 Multone Nll
stm8 Flipright N
stm2 Divone N
stm13 Multone Nr
stm3 Distribright Nrr
stm3 Multzero Nl
stm9 Commute N
stm6 Swapprev
stm3 Flipright Nrll
stm6 Assocright N
stm6 Multzero Nr
stm15 Usevar s09
stm6 Noop Nrl
stm6 Multone N
stm3 Swapprev
stm1 Multzero Nlrl
stm2 Assocleft Nr
stm3 Rename s29
stm3 Noop N
stm1 Assocright N
stm1 Cancel Nr
stm16 Swapprev
stm5 Commute N
stm4 Commute Nl
stm18 Assocright N
stm15 Commute N
stm6 Newtmp Nl s16
stm18 Inline s02
stm3 Multone Nllrl
stm8 Inline v20
stm16 Subzero N
stm6 Multone N
stm5 Flipright Nr
stm5 Distribright Nrlr
stm19 Addzero Nl
stm6 Commute N
stm10 Inline s21
stm2 Inline v04
stm8 Swapprev
stm3 Cancel Nrrr
stm5 Multzero Nrl
stm13 Commute Nl
stm5 Commute Nl
stm3 Commute Nl
stm14 Noop N
stm2 Commute Nlll
stm1 Assocright Nr
stm1 Multzero N
stm4 Commute N
stm8 Noop Nl
stm7 Addzero N
stm15 Distribleft N
stm4 Distribleft Nl
stm6 Multone Nrr
stm18 Usevar s17
stm6 Noop Nrr
stm7 Distribright Nrrr
stm13 Deletestm
stm3 Assocright N
stm7 Assocleft Nl
stm3 Noop N
stm1 Multone Nlr
stm12 Distribleft N
stm15 Swapprev
stm3 Divone Nrrl
stm16 Noop N
stm8 Distribright N
stm2 Flipleft Nrl
stm6 Commute Nll
stm17 Deletestm
stm12 Commute Nr
stm5 Noop N
stm2 Multzero Nrl
stm8 Multone Nlllr
stm17 Multone N
stm12 Distribleft N
stm5 Inline s26
stm2 Usevar s27
stm6 Assocright Nr
stm7 Commute Nr
stm3 Commute N
stm5 Swapprev
stm3 Factorright N
stm7 Noop Nl
stm4 Distribleft Nr
stm13 Swapprev
stm15 Swapprev
stm7 Assocleft N
stm5 Distribleft Nll
stm5 Swapprev
stm2 Swapprev
stm13 Addzero Nl
stm12 Swapprev
stm6 Commute Nr
stm7 Commute N
stm6 Commute N
stm2 Multzero Nr
stm13 Usevar s22
stm6 Multzero Nlrrr
stm14 Noop N
stm13 Swapprev
stm10 Commute N
stm5 Swapprev
stm5 Flipright N
stm3 Inline s23
stm5 Multzero Nl
stm4 Noop Nll
stm6 Flipright Nr
stm6 Multzero Nl
stm5 Flipleft N
stm5 Assocright Nr
stm1 Distribleft N
stm6 Commute Nr
stm5 Assocright Nrl
stm3 Assocleft Nl
stm11 Commute N
stm2 Noop Nl
stm3 Multzero Nl
stm3 Cancel Nrr
stm12 Flipright N
stm4 Flipleft N
stm12 Inline s23
stm10 Distribright N
stm3 Newtmp Nl s16
stm14 Flipright N
stm5 Multzero N
stm2 Addzero N
stm12 Swapprev
stm4 Swapprev
stm4 Flipleft N
stm13 Flipright N
stm2 Assocleft N
stm4 Assocleft Nr
stm1 Multzero Nl
stm1 Distribleft Nr
stm5 Noop N
stm16 Multzero N
stm1 Multzero Nr
stm8 Flipright N
stm4 Multzero Nl
stm9 Distribleft N
stm7 Divone N
stm20 Commute Nl
stm5 Flipright Nll
stm5 Flipright Nl
stm2 Multzero N
stm1 Multzero N
stm4 Flipright Nllr
stm5 Multone Nr
stm17 Noop N
stm2 Multzero N
stm13 Swapprev
stm4 Noop N
stm11 Swapprev
stm7 Assocright N
stm7 Assocleft Nl
stm1 Factorright Nlr
stm4 Commute N
stm7 Commute N
stm4 Assocright N
stm1 Subzero Nlll
stm5 Multone Nrrr
stm4 Noop N
stm18 Inline v14
stm5 Double Nlr
stm12 Multone Nr
stm14 Commute N
stm4 Noop N
stm1 Distribleft N
stm2 Noop Nll
stm9 Flipright N
stm6 Distribright N
stm18 Divone Nrl
stm16 Multone Nl
stm1 Noop Nl
stm4 Newtmp Nlrr s29
stm7 Inline v01
stm17 Noop N
stm5 Distribright Nr
stm14 Rename s22
stm17 Commute N
stm1 Multzero Nrrl
stm13 Commute N
stm6 Assocleft N
stm5 Noop Nl
stm9 Swapprev
stm7 Multone Nl
stm7 Commute Nr
stm6 Commute Nlr
stm5 Assocleft Nlr
stm6 Noop N
stm10 Assocright N
stm3 Commute N
stm2 Noop Nlrl
stm2 Commute Nll
stm4 Multzero Nrrr
stm5 Distribleft N
stm5 Assocright Nl
stm5 Assocright N
stm7 Assocright Nl
stm15 Multzero Nl
stm17 Noop N
stm6 Commute Nr
stm5 Swapprev
stm3 Cancel Nl
stm8 Assocleft Nl
stm12 Commute N
stm4 Commute N
stm7 Distribright Nrr
stm3 Multzero Nr
stm4 Flipright N
stm17 Assocleft N
stm12 Inline v01
stm18 Commute N
stm7 Distribright Nll
stm1 Multzero Nl
stm6 Noop Nl
stm16 Commute N
stm7 Commute Nll
stm6 Inline s20
stm4 Flipright Nlr
stm3 Swapprev
stm5 Cancel Nrr
stm5 Assocleft Nl
stm1 Assocleft Nll
stm1 Multzero N
stm5 Usevar v01
stm4 Assocleft N
stm5 Assocright N
stm18 Flipright N
stm6 Usevar s11
stm5 Flipright Nrr
stm6 Swapprev
stm4 Swapprev
stm10 Commute N
stm15 Swapprev
stm3 Swapprev
stm11 Usevar v17
stm8 Commute Nr
stm8 Multone Nrl
stm2 Swapprev
stm1 Assocleft N
stm15 Multzero Nr
stm3 Swapprev
stm3 Swapprev
stm9 Inline v18
stm17 Usevar v15
stm6 Assocright N
stm3 Commute N
stm3 Assocleft N
stm1 Subzero Nll
stm8 Flipright Nrl
stm17 Swapprev
stm14 Assocleft N
stm2 Subzero Nl
stm5 Assocright Nr
stm11 Inline s12
stm1 Assocleft N
stm5 Flipright Nllr
stm7 Inline v04
stm16 Swapprev
stm2 Noop Nlr
stm5 Assocright Nll
stm5 Assocleft N
stm11 Distribleft N
stm13 Commute N
stm5 Deletestm
stm3 Distribright N
stm2 Flipright N
stm9 Addzero Nr
stm11 Distribright N
stm3 Assocleft N
stm5 Commute Nll
stm6 Commute Nllll
stm8 Noop N
stm10 Commute Nl
stm3 Multzero Nr
stm10 Commute Nl
stm16 Commute N
stm17 Commute N
stm2 Rename v03
stm9 Flipright Nrl
stm8 Flipright Nr
stm12 Swapprev
stm2 Commute Nlr
stm3 Flipleft N
stm8 Commute N
stm3 Multzero N
stm2 Distribleft Nl
stm4 Commute Nl
stm5 Multzero Nr
stm3 Swapprev
stm5 Factorright Nr
stm2 Multzero Nl
stm1 Noop N
stm1 Multone Nrr
stm5 Inline v13
stm4 Distribright N
stm6 Rename s23
stm1 Commute Nll
stm3 Multzero Nl
stm9 Swapprev
stm10 Commute N
stm2 Noop N
stm7 Multone Nr
stm7 Swapprev
stm1 Flipright Nl
stm8 Usevar s25
stm3 Distribleft Nl
stm4 Noop Nrrl
stm4 Assocleft Nr
stm10 Inline s01
stm8 Distribright N
stm5 Swapprev
stm17 Inline s21
stm18 Noop N
stm6 Distribleft Nrl
stm3 Multone Nl
stm4 Multzero Nr
stm10 Swapprev
stm7 Divone Nr
stm7 Addzero Nrr
stm10 Multone N
stm3 Flipright Nl
stm8 Usevar s25
stm3 Flipright Nllr
stm2 Multzero Nlll
stm10 Inline s22
stm5 Assocright N
stm3 Multzero Nr
stm5 Multzero Nlrr
stm5 Distribright N
stm1 Noop Nl
stm6 Distribleft Nl
stm4 Multone Nr
stm1 Flipright N
stm5 Swapprev
stm4 Cancel Nll
stm9 Assocleft N
stm13 Commute N
stm10 Assocleft N
stm3 Commute N
stm7 Deletestm
stm2 Commute Nlr
stm2 Commute Nl
stm15 Noop N
stm3 Assocleft N
stm3 Newtmp Nll s15
stm5 Assocleft N
stm12 Flipright N
stm6 Assocright N
stm7 Swapprev
stm2 Double Nr
stm16 Addzero Nr
stm5 Flipright Nrl
stm3 Usevar s16
stm7 Rename v09
stm13 Flipright N
stm7 Inline s25
stm18 Swapprev
stm4 Usevar v08
stm12 Commute N
stm1 Cancel Nllr
stm5 Commute N
stm5 Multone Nllr
stm2 Distribright N
stm14 Flipright N
stm5 Commute Nr
stm4 Noop N
stm12 Usevar s17
stm8 Swapprev
stm8 Swapprev
stm11 Distribright N
stm4 Divone Nl
stm15 Cancel Nl
stm7 Swapprev
stm2 Noop Nrr
stm1 Multzero N
stm3 Noop Nll
stm11 Flipright N
stm1 Distribright N
stm1 Subzero Nl
stm2 Subzero Nl
stm7 Commute N
stm1 Noop Nr
stm3 Assocleft Nrrr
stm2 Distribright N
stm9 Flipright N
stm8 Flipright N
stm13 Swapprev
stm4 Commute Nlr
stm8 Inline s06
stm3 Commute Nlr
stm5 Assocleft N
stm2 Assocright Nl
stm13 Inline s18
stm5 Factorright N
stm14 Cancel Nr
stm2 Assocright Nll
stm6 Distribright N
stm10 Assocleft N
stm5 Commute N
stm7 Swapprev
stm4 Distribleft Nr
stm10 Flipright N
stm8 Commute Nrl
stm1 Noop Nllr
stm16 Swapprev
stm10 Assocright N
stm7 Flipright N
stm5 Distribleft Nl
stm6 Commute Nrlr
stm10 Flipright N
stm11 Commute Nr
stm1 Noop N
stm3 Assocleft Nl
stm14 Rename s12
stm2 Addzero Nll
stm5 Divone Nlrl
stm2 Flipright N
stm6 Deletestm
stm14 Flipright Nr
stm5 Distribright Nl
stm4 Flipright Nlr
stm2 Flipright N
stm9 Flipright N
stm2 Addzero Nrrr
stm1 Assocright N
stm4 Inline v15
stm12 Commute Nr
stm3 Assocleft N
stm6 Commute Nr
stm18 Commute N
stm12 Assocright N
stm9 Swapprev
stm3 Cancel Nr
stm3 Addzero Nrrlr
stm15 Inline v04
stm4 Commute N
stm3 Multone Nlll
stm2 Flipright N
stm3 Factorright N
stm12 Commute N
stm2 Flipright Nll
stm4 Flipright N
stm5 Cancel Nr
stm5 Assocleft N
stm8 Swapprev
stm4 Distribleft N
stm4 Flipright N
stm4 Multzero Nl
stm17 Inline v17
stm2 Multzero Nr
stm15 Addzero Nr
stm5 Inline s07
stm2 Distribleft N
stm1 Noop Nlr
stm5 Noop Nr
stm2 Multone Nrlr
stm7 Multzero Nrr
stm6 Noop Nr
stm6 Distribleft Nl
stm5 Noop Nrrl
stm5 Swapprev
stm11 Multone Nr
stm9 Deletestm
stm8 Swapprev
stm10 Commute Nl
stm5 Distribright N
stm5 Assocright Nl
stm2 Noop Nrll
stm11 Swapprev
stm1 Noop N
stm6 Noop N
stm4 Multzero N
stm3 Distribleft N
stm4 Inline v11
stm1 Commute Nlr
stm5 Commute N
stm2 Distribright N
stm9 Inline s26
stm11 Assocleft N
stm1 Assocleft Nll
stm14 Swapprev
stm4 Commute N
stm8 Addzero Nr
stm9 Usevar s07
stm2 Assocright Nl
stm1 Divone N
stm11 Commute N
stm13 Swapprev
stm1 Distribleft N
stm11 Distribright N
stm2 Commute Nr
stm5 Commute N
stm6 Inline s29
stm3 Commute Nr
stm4 Cancel Nll
stm4 Noop Nr
stm5 Addzero N
stm5 Noop N
stm1 Factorleft N
stm13 Commute N
stm2 Subzero N
stm10 Commute N
stm8 Flipright N
stm3 Flipright N
stm3 Cancel Nl
stm9 Swapprev
stm5 Usevar s22
stm12 Addzero N
stm20 Commute N
stm9 Noop Nrr
stm10 Commute Nll
stm2 Addzero Nl
stm10 Subzero N
stm5 Assocleft Nrl
stm10 Inline s26
stm8 Usevar s14
stm2 Distribright N
stm1 Flipright N
stm8 Swapprev
stm3 Assocleft N
stm1 Distribleft N
stm10 Noop Nl
stm12 Multzero N
stm2 Multzero Nrr
stm1 Multzero Nll
stm3 Flipright N
stm6 Flipright N
stm2 Divone N
stm3 Commute Nl
stm2 Distribright N
stm17 Multone Nlr
stm4 Commute Nr
stm18 Commute N
stm11 Usevar s01
stm5 Factorright N
stm7 Swapprev
stm16 Noop N
stm7 Inline s15
stm13 Distribright N
stm1 Assocright Nl
stm2 Noop Nrl
stm1 Addzero Nlr
stm19 Swapprev
stm3 Multzero Nll
stm9 Distribright N
stm7 Usevar s19
stm2 Multone N
stm3 Multzero N
stm9 Noop Nr
stm4 Addzero Nrl
stm4 Flipright N
stm13 Noop N
stm6 Inline s19
stm2 Factorleft N
stm1 Commute Nl
stm3 Assocleft Nr
stm8 Usevar s23
stm5 Inline s17
stm4 Usevar s27
stm6 Commute Nll
stm8 Deletestm
stm11 Multzero N
stm16 Noop Nl
stm4 Multzero N
stm4 Swapprev
stm10 Inline v12
stm1 Cancel Nlll
stm5 Distribleft N
stm5 Assocright N
stm9 Assocleft N
stm12 Swapprev
stm7 Assocleft N
stm1 Assocleft N
stm13 Multzero N
stm6 Assocright N
stm12 Addzero Nr
stm2 Newtmp Nll s15
stm4 Multzero Nr
stm1 Noop Nrr
stm2 Noop Nlrr
stm8 Flipright N
stm1 Flipright N
stm7 Flipright Nr
stm3 Commute Nrlr
stm4 Assocleft N
stm3 Swapprev
stm11 Multone Nr
